---
title: "About Us"
---
# About Us

Beats for Boobs® is a volunteer organization that grants financial support to local breast cancer organizations that
offer direct services to survivors and people battling breast cancer or organizations that promote prevention. Beats for
Boobs inspires greater awareness, greater activism and increased donations for the breast cancer community through our
creative and collaborative signature event where we remember and celebrate life. For the past 10 years, Beats for Boobs
has united the community to support local breast cancer organizations through art, fashion, food, music and education.

## History

Juliana Cochnar and Radhika Ragsdale met in San Francisco in 2003 and were inspired to make an impact for people
battling breast cancer.  Juliana shared the story of her mother, Barbara’s recent survival while Radhika shared her
sorrows about losing her aunt, Shrena Nair, to the fight. Intuitively, they envisioned celebrating Juliana’s mother’s
survival and honoring Radhika’s aunt simultaneously with an event that would gather the community of San Francisco to
raise awareness and funds for breast cancer.

Soon after that fortuitous meeting, Radhika & Juliana joined forces and amassed an army of volunteers to create the
fundraising gala, Beats for Boobs. The event proved unique in catering to a youthful and artistic community of varied
backgrounds by incorporating four distinctive elements – art, fashion, food and music.  Attendees celebrated survival,
honored those who had fallen, learned about cancer prevalence and prevention, and left feeling inspired to further
support the cause.

In 2005, Juliana and Radhika were approached by close friends Katherine Vicker May, Shabnum Mehra, and Summer Frundel to
form a dedicated executive team that brought fresh enthusiasm, loyalty, and expertise towards organizing what became a
yearly event that progressively surpassed goals in community attendance and contributions for local breast cancer
beneficiaries.

In 2007, Kome Muller attended the event and connected with Barbara, and soon after jumped on board to dedicate her time
and energy to the organization.

Beats for Boobs approached a new phase in history, when local volunteer Ashley Davidson moved to Seattle in 2008, and
approached the team to consider a multi-city event, knowing that Beats for Boobs would be well-received beyond San
Francisco. Commencing the role of local Event Director, Ashley assembled a team of passionate volunteers who created
Seattle’s inaugural celebration of Beats for Boobs in 2010.

Also in 2010, Breast Cancer Emergency Fund, a registered 501c3 non-profit in San Francisco became Beats for Boobs’
fiscal sponsor.  In 2011, in addition to the San Francisco and Seattle events, Los Angeles eagerly hosted its inception
of Beats for Boobs, October 2011 under the leadership of LA Event Director, Kristen Hosack.  In the true spirit and
model of Beats for Boobs, leaders Ashley, Kristen, and each of their local teams acted as Beats for Boobs ambassadors
committed to uniting their respective communities in growing awareness and support for breast cancer and local breast
cancer agencies.

In 2012, together, San Francisco, Seattle and Los Angeles granted out $33,500 to local beneficiaries as a result of our
fundraising efforts and supporters like you.

Beats for Boobs continues to grow organically and exponentially, attracting compassionate and devoted individuals who
donate boundless energy, services, and time. 

We hope to see you at one of our signature events and have you joinus in
joyous celebration and earnest remembrance of those impacted by breast cancer, and in support of invaluable local breast
cancer organizations.
